hello everyone before you turn in to
this video and watch me suffer I just
want to let you know that we have just
launched our newest collaboration with
Lulu lemon we are so stoked on this drop
we've been working on this for months
it's our most exciting collaboration yet
the drop is live for 72 hours until
Wednesday at 10:00 a.m. PST so go to the
link in the description to get yours
this is one of the items and here is a
quick look at some of the other
I was made for this
[Music]
what's the most physically uncomfortable
you've ever been for an extended period
of time
cramped in a middle seat on a really
long flight or just a terribly crammed
commute in a jam-packed train well today
we're gonna test our capacity to
withstand an extremely and comfortable
environment in taking an opportunity to
see America we've never seen it before
by taking the longest bus ride across
the entire country
it's an eighty four hour torture ride
from Miami Florida all the way to
Seattle Washington we'll go across
states that we've never seen before with
stops every few hours guaranteeing that
we'll probably end up meeting some
incredibly unique individuals from
across the country but before we went on
this trip we knew we needed some great
company and some after watching their
video of taking the longest train ride
across the UK you reached out to two of
our favorite creators and possibly to
the only people crazy enough to say yes
to this our friends from the YouTube
channel Zak and Jay to see if they'd be
interested enough to join us but first
we had to decide who the hell from our
side would go on this impossible journey
three-day bus ride Miami to Seattle
that's how I imagined hello being with
Matt I would go if I hadn't like wrecked
my back I don't know why my back isn't
so much pain but I can't sit but yeah
your back is totally fun so let's wreck
it Matt has no idea that were even
discussing this right now
we shouldn't surprise him with it
somehow
what guy is Miami is like what Seattle
is like what time is the bus
and evening mr. Bragg you've piqued my
interest of a chance thing to police and
why which say that because I've known
any horrible fun of town so break up the
coach right from oh yeah yeah oh it's
mad but it surprise for you I like the
syllabus a good spread the Ben Smith
does it sound like I guess okay so you
should you should just put this on your
perfect what is happening yeah you gonna
stand up yeah come with me oh my god now
you can open yeah yeah
what is this what is going on whoa looks
exciting
[Applause]
can you read it out loud - you're joking
if you want an all-expenses-paid trip
across America with your very own
brother yeah
hope you're ready for this I actually
got not really yes I'd be funny to get
you we have arrival in Miami the point
of this trip is when you put yourself
through endurance challenges like this
it's actually great practice for life if
you're able to withstand tight cramped
bus or 80 plus hours I think it would
stand a lot in life so hey really do not
enjoy Greyhound buses so stay positive
all about optimism anyhow do you go I'm
freaking out man
[Music]
here we go alright we've taken out
Orlando Florida let the journey begin
[Music]
here is it's not the same bus the whole
way so if this bus is late there's a
high chance that we missed the next one
in which case I don't even know what
happens like a severely damaged Bocuse
oh thanks for sure off the bat first but
unfortunately for you to me I am an Iron
Man
[Music]
the book I brought to my journey
you actually read about or do you bring
it just about shop
oh it's actually quite interesting but
you're not gonna get any advice because
you make fun of me
[Music]
we're doing they're treated you know
mental toughness you never read too much
for the mind Oh
[Music]
arrived in Orlando Florida on our first
stop Julie no Karen I'm feeling okay
they're gonna look fabulous
I'll take them one painkiller yes number
two
good night sleep tight don't let the
Lions bite we arrived in
[Music]
okay okay so he's gonna kick us to all
of the base oh we get referred to get
Kingdom
you sucked at all
feeling crazy how loud is that boy she's
outside and we can still hear as if
she's next to us
she's following those years funny she's
on probation and she snapped her
boyfriend I'll say yeah yeah yeah so
yeah so and also when she loves she does
this
you arrived just as the other bus is
leaving so we have no time I've to get
my luggage up on the next bus no sleep
straight the same accessory 12-hour one
there
from the other bus
we'll be the foundation on Vernon
Illinois 27 hours in the heat and golf
student starts to add up can't get our
bags right now to change so I'm still
wearing the same stuff that we were
wearing yesterday so we'll see how we
hold up man is a mission to make
yourself feel terrible and like flirty
and I feel the best for my man one two
three four five six
anyways explain to me I'm a beard of a
myth the two point for the mile swim
baby : like right
no no it's bad under 12 and let me tell
you we don't need that
[Music]
arrived in st. Louis Missouri our next
bus is to Denver Colorado excited to see
what this evenings got installed for us
okay yes it was a party today is gonna
be a lot more relaxed really hopefully
yeah
[Applause]
[Music]
Kansas City Missouri
Zach's neighbor while we were in the bus
was snoring it says act stabbed him
which is really interesting thing that
happened why just have that guy stop in
this parking lot for two and a half
hours now and the driver supposed to
replace this one won't come
and 20 minutes which means we're
definitely missing their next bus
probably yeah they said they come once
everyday mush you another pleasure
the goods to go home sure you wouldn't
get this in the UK why is every possible
been laid
[Music]
the cedar is not changed until the past
12 hours which is but next
you know Phil erectus
[Music]
the challenge is still
you're sure you're gonna miss it we were
two hours behind
this is late - is everything just late
it was insane
that we're excited to be on a 10 hour
bus ride I'm feeling a lot a factor
quite doing I don't know if that's
because I'm not okay okay
I'm really gonna enjoy grant how buses
so crazy
for usually Mia
one two three four five six
[Music]
there are no rules there are no rules
we are just busting rat squeaks yo and
we better stop all that stuff in the
fancy I'm a webmaster man yes the best
Avery he doesn't like me
[Music]
what we had expected a welcome back to
this episode with affectation I'm here
joined with princess how you fund the
journey so far
[Music]
ladies and gentlemen we are on our last
night together last official nights in
less than 24 hours we will be arriving
in our final destination of Seattle
Washington Salt Lake City - too long
it's crazy the characters you meet on a
trip like this that's just people that
you would never interact with otherwise
if you realize how much you live in your
own bubble that makes people is so
eclectic of all races religions genders
fly over the country and now we really
get to experience the people in the
places that make 95% of this country
that I've never actually seen either of
the guys it's been tough but very worth
it about frying pass out
[Music]
we're we're boys boys
I will Boise Idaho is your handsome
we have approximately 12 hours till we
get to our final destination 12 hours
was fine like what you're so easy my
princess is pretty much our child now
and you're like an anteater
that's what Greyhound will do to you
let's switch around the family tree it's
quite large do this be a listen you put
your hands off and then if it comes down
three so what
what happened wait what turn into an
absolute chaos right now suppose nobody
has any idea where this bus is going on
that's arrives if you go out you have no
idea
bad news things were going perfectly and
of course on the last bus we missed it
so now we're getting rerouted to
Portland not to Seattle and who knows if
when they get to Seattle by tonight
excited everybody's got a big site and
five hours left you said it's too easy
and you know just missed the last
transfer cause now we are in Washington
and we are potentially in need of a ride
from Portland to Seattle if there's
anybody who wants to join us if you have
a car and you live in Portland DME and
let's ride up together I'm gonna murder
you
no we will number two we have an
interested lad named Thomson yo and may
be able to help you out where the
details since this car was a little red
rocket he calls it the red rocket
the last 10 minutes we'll be spending on
the bus
it's been an honor gonna shoot with you
on these bus boys I just don't know what
I'm never gonna be such an eclectic
bunch of Americans ever again bogus
train ride comment below if we should do
Russia with these fellas and maybe we'll
do it next year ladies and gentlemen as
this journey comes to an end and we head
to Portland is been an absolute honor
[Music]
glad I could help you guys out yeah
thanks for columns at my buddy's house
watching football just rolling through
Instagram and yeah there was murder in
use yes all right I mean I think
trusting me with your life sitting there
and I was like well I'm work tomorrow I
got [__] to do so might as well
[Music]
it's the daughter of my last meeting I
scored eight with you we've been through
ups and downs thanks for coming on this
crazy trip too many more come to Russia
[Music]
to the next adventure
hello everyone thank you again for
watching this episode I hope you enjoyed
it please go check out our friends Zack
and JD we've left them link to their
channel in the description there's some
of our favorite youtubers and they've
made an episode of this same adventure
again the drop of blue lemon is live for
only 72 hours we're so so stoked on this
collaboration to partner up with a brand
like Luke lemon is huge for us so go to
seek discomfort calm to check out the
collaboration see you next time